So the next thing that we're going to do is we're going to associate our public subnet with the public
route table that we just created for that purpose.
We're going to write a method a generic method that we can use for both public and private subnets.
So let's go to our BPC class and within our PC class I'm going to create a method and let's say associate
subnet so we can be generic with root table just like that.
And before we decide on the arguments let's check out the method signature and we can then decide and
so underscore client and then of course we're going to associate root people.
And here we go.
So this method except the dry run argument was expecting two things.
And those are subnet ID and route table ID.
So let's go down and let's say subnet ID is going to be submit ID that we're going to pass very soon.
And after that route table ID as our TB Id just like that.
So lets also pass these arguments with the signature of our method and our TB Id just like that.
And let's also have a statement as associating
the subnet of so fix that typo subnet as something that Id with root table and root table is going to
be our TB Id just like that.
And there is also a missing print statement with our A-ball method the internet gateway with the public
Croot Association.
Let's also say adding room for internet gateway and internet gateway I-T
two route table and the route table Id just like that.
All right.
So now the next thing we're going to do is we're going to call this method from our main class and let's
just go down and let's just commend the thing that we're going to do.
Associate
subnet with root table.
So in our case this subnet is going to be public.
So let's just say that and let's just call the method that we just implemented associate subnet recruit
table.
All right.
So we're going to need those things again.
We're going to need the public subnet I.D. and the route table I.D. And as you can see we have Druitt
table I.D. but we still don't have the public subnet I.D. So to get that.
Let's go back to our both all three documentation and find the Create subnet method.
And here we go.
So this method is again returning a type of dictionary and the parent object is again subnet the subnet
and the subnet ID is right below that.
So let's just copy the subnetwork And let's go down public subnet ID equals to public subnet.
Sorry about that.
And public subnet response and then subnet and then the inner method or property of that method is subnet
ID.
So this is going to give us the public subnet ID so we can just pass that in to our.
So public subnet.
I t and route table ID.
Here we go.
So thats all there is to associate the public subnet to a root table or any subnet to simply any route
table.